you probably saw the brick Summit but
did you see that the common currency
that everybody's been talking about will
be delayed by years I'm going to show
you that I'm going to look at this
expansion that has taken place where
more countries not only have formally
joined but way more have a requested to
be a part of it and we're going to look
at the ramifications and implications of
what's been happening here my name is
David quintiri and what I do is take the
complicated I make it real simple we
will also look at what you as an
individual can do in these more
difficult circumstances as we open up to
a multi-polar world how does that sound
let's begin first things first you
probably saw articles like this brics
expansion faces 11th Hour hurdle as
divisions persist rumors swirl after the
leader of China fails to give key brics
speech they were expecting the lead to
come out there and start bashing the
west and bashing the United States and
yet it seemed to be nothing of the sort
it was all about common Prosperity
common values we want to grow we want to
do better all of these things it was
interesting and that was sort of the
theme throughout now here we have this
China to urge the bricks to become a
geopolitical rival to the G7 they are
opening up their own you know situation
where they don't want to deal with the
sanctions and they don't want to be on
the financial system of the United
States this takes money and this takes
alliances and now the groundwork is
being laid as you see it not just with
the bricks but they have so many
different organizations and different
levels to this that are clearly a
competitor to the existing systems that
were built after World War II so there's
more to it and I wanted to start right
here bricks to admit six new countries
to the block including these are the two
big big ones for so many reasons Iran
and Saudi Arabia just a few years ago
these were countries that were battling
against each other in Yemen and they've
got ideological differences so many and
then China sits in the middle of the two
of them and says hey you better play
nice let's get together let's get along
and they basically said okay we'll stop
we'll stop the battles we're gonna we're
gonna be on good terms again let's talk
let's open a dialogue and now we have
this happen and I think it was directly
correlated to that hey you want to be in
the bricks you can't be fighting so
let's get together so that's what's
going on here we've got other countries
like Argentina Ethiopia Egypt and United
Arab Emirates
to join the club of the large emerging
economies in a major expansion okay so
we're adding a lot of countries all at
once here and I'm going to cover in a
moment why these countries are important
what they bring to the table it's it's
very important each country has their
own unique circumstances no country is
perfect these are smaller of course
smaller economies but they bring some to
the table we'll talk about that in a
second I just want to show you something
within this it just highlights nearly
two dozen countries had formally applied
to join the club from across the global
South which is a broad term referring to
non-western Nations about 50 other heads
of state and government attended the
summit underscoring what the brics
leaders say is the attractiveness of its
message so you got to remember that I
saw a picture of I believe Mozambique
somebody from Mozambique was there so
you're going to talk about far and wide
countries all over the place wanting to
do business with the bricks wanting to
join and if not in an official capacity
some sort of unofficial capacity I'm
sure they want to get in there and so
this is what we have today an expansion
in this way what do they do what do they
bring to the table let's talk about it
well you've got a massive oil Alliance
United Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia and
Iran we're talking about this in other
countries as well
80 I believe they have it written down
here 80 of the total World reserves
that's huge and you look at the details
of you know what could come of course
oil number one most important commodity
in many respects on a global level so
when you've got these countries all
together
well we need to pay attention Iran UAE
Saudi and Egypt uh part of that I think
when you look at this from a top-down
view it makes a lot of sense this region
right here when we see the dividing line
it's like you know from the Middle East
and east of that are all seemingly
aligned in this group isn't it
interesting you've got Ethiopia having
gold
they've got gold when you look at these
other countries like I just mentioned
Egypt Saudi UAE and Iran they've got the
oil so we've got resources Ethiopia with
the gold Argentina's got agriculture so
all of these countries together they
have you know unique aspects and they
might be in different parts of the world
but I think it makes a lot of sense when
you start to piece it all together we
want resources growth and of course a
growing part of that Global GDP the
changes that have to happen I mean
there's a lot let's be very clear about
this they're not going to change
instantly they're not going to say bye
bye U.S dollar tomorrow but in time
things are changing now what about that
currency well I'll talk about that I
want to highlight something extremely
important but I just want to show you
that first on a map if you want to see
it where they are located geographically
and I wanted to just make something very
clear through all of this people always
think there's chaos multi-polar world
what's going on in the stock market all
these different things and you got to
understand people are still investing
people are still buying now why am i
showing you this broken down car well
believe it or not this is a Sotheby's
auction for a Ferrari you know is one of
13 that was ever made or something like
this is a very limited edition but it as
you can see not in the best not in the
best shape but it sold for millions of
dollars okay so there are people that
are willing to buy certain things that
are in obviously in a completely
different world than you and I we've got
this Young Rich Americans don't trust
the stock market and so they're turning
to Alternative assets to amplify their
wealth interesting right well let me
talk about this sure Dean dollarization
and bold capital letters makes for a
scary headline but the truth is that a
multi-polar world is already in motion
and whether you're part of the one
percent or an everyday investor to
survive any sort of Market shake-up it's
essential right now to acquire real
assets that could hold value regardless
of time or place to be able to
potentially maintain growth potential
and stability and this is why 98 of the
ultra Rich allocate at least five
percent of their portfolio to Art and
why thousands of people are doing it
with today's sponsor Masterworks
Masterworks is the first and leading
platform allowing anyone to invest in
shares of Blue Chip artwork they've used
Decades of experience and auction data
to become one of the largest art buyers
on the market I personally invested with
them in a Picasso piece and as with any
investment returns may not be indicative
of Masterworks paintings not yet sold
and past performance is not a negative
of future results but their performance
has remained impressive through covet
inflation interest rate hikes and more
15 exits each and every one returning a
profit to investors just weeks ago they
sold a Cecily Brown piece for a 77
percent annualized return on the heels
of launching their largest offering to
date a 36 million dollar Basquiat piece
over 800 000 people have joined the
platform and shares have sold out within
hours so you won't want to miss out skip
the wait list and start collecting today
at the link in the description
speaking of assets brics countries now
control 80 percent of the world oil
reserves thirty percent of global GDP
and it's unbelievable when you see it on
this level I mean you gotta zoom out you
gotta think for yourself what exactly is
this all about it is not about a single
currency people think oh the US dollar
us no no that's not what this is about
this is about an alliance and things
have really changed just in the past few
years not going to happen overnight
okay and um you can see China and India
agreeing to de-escalate their border
tensions isn't that a positive thing
that's a good thing we should all
celebrate that
all right and then we have this just
showing us the de-escalation with Iran
as well as United Arab Emirates and
Saudi those are positive as well okay
these countries have problems there's no
question about it each country has their
own issues internal strife you've got
all kinds but that means that they have
some definite work to do in order to
continue to grow now if they are aligned
with the right countries perhaps that
will be better in the next 10 years than
it was in the previous 10 years that's
the hope
and so you see this
a unified currency you've probably heard
a lot about this one currency to rule
them all inside of the brics Nations but
something else is going on here let me
explain it to you because I know that we
can just talk about this one currency
and get the views and the clicks but you
came here for the truth
uh Lula talked about having a brics
currency and the brics currency
increases our payment options and
reduces our vulnerabilities yeah
absolutely they want this I believe that
these countries do want this so that
they can trade amongst each other and
not need to worry about the downsides
for them of a US dollar that doesn't
mean that they would never do business
in a US dollar it means when they're
doing trade between each other it would
be great if they had their own currency
to do that in right
it's been around for a while but the
possible code name has been the R5 and
if you look at it the Redmond B you've
got the ruble the rupee the real and the
Rand R5 okay now that's something
they've been talking about for a while
it's not necessarily going to actually
be called that but I want to explain
what this is all about okay step one
rather than a common currency the
initial stage which is already occurring
is to increase the trade using their
respective currencies a position
underline by the Indian foreign
secretary who said just prior to the
brick Summit that deliberations among
Brazil Russia India China and South
Africa have been focused on boosting
trade in National currencies instead of
on developing a common currency that's
very clear so you understand what's
going on here they said the quote here
explains that let's do business in our
own currencies let's not use the US
dollar but when we do trade between each
other which is Big when you look at it
overall don't look at one country okay
Ethiopia no let's look at the whole deal
and how much trade goes between China or
or everybody in total and that's big and
so not using the US dollar or using for
instance you're going to trade oil
United Arab Emirates Iran and Saudi
Arabia what if all of the oil that
they're importing exporting everything
goes through China's system this is big
this is so big and now we have to start
wondering about the more broad
implications of it okay so that's step
one but there are other steps to this
how do we get to that next level okay
they do talk about in Europe of course
this is
um starts to get into speculation uh but
I just want to highlight it for a second
the Second Step In liberalizing The
Bricks trade from the US dollar and the
euro is the introduction of sovereign
digital currencies and essentially
suggesting that they're going to go to
the digital currencies it will make it
easier to link and easier to facilitate
trade and I think all of these countries
are going towards this cbdc Central Bank
digital currency it is very obvious
China is going head first into that
their big beta project but all the
countries are basically doing the same
thing and so this is how it works first
step let's use our own currencies let's
stop using the US dollar let's stop
using the Euro let's use our own we're
friends we have this Alliance we're
expanding we are you know such a large
percentage of the population and growing
level of the GDP as well okay the goals
of this I think is pretty under I'm
pretty understood but I want to I want
to highlight look the block currency is
being studied right now they want that
that's that's clear they want their own
currency but we're not there yet
International institutions need to
change IMF World Bank all the others
okay they don't like them because they
dictate the policies and China says no I
don't want that one I don't agree with
that I don't want to do that I don't
want to do this and so they're going to
formulate their own as part of the
bricks somehow interconnected
the leader of China actually said this
is a quote world peace and development
that's what the brics is about that's
what they say anyway
and so what is that really a message of
it's like we're gonna do our own thing
okay and that's seemingly the direction
that they're heading right now here it
is it will bring new Vigor to the brics
cooperation mechanism for the
strengthening a force for world peace
and development
something that is just so different than
what we've been seeing in recent years
isn't it okay they started off with 10
billion dollars in a special fund aimed
at bolstering Global development for the
group and I also wanted to just if you
want this is more of just a reference
for you all of the imports and exports
that China is doing obviously huge
Surplus but they do a lot of business
with basically everybody okay and you
could see the countries that are part of
this and I just wanted to highlight that
just to make you aware yes the bricks
clearly overwhelmingly is China China's
at the center of this it's just like the
United States being at the center of
basically all the systems that they have
right now China wants to be the new
center but at least the rhetoric is
saying hey we want world peace and all
that there are 3.7 billion people in
this Alliance more than 22 trillion
dollars in total GDP and that's
approximately 25 percent of the global
GDP so this is nothing to you know it's
not small
it's not small and that's where it
stands today what about in 10 years how
many more countries are going to come on
to that Alliance will we see some
surprises is you know some other country
you would never expect say you know yeah
I'm not going to say no to the US but
I'd like to join the bricks and that
might cause you know a domino effect
some major things going on today you
might be asking yourself what do I do
well there are things that you can do
and should be doing right now and I want
to highlight that you need to learn to
expand into these new marketplaces where
there is growth where there is this
expansion that's taking place now the
world is going to open up and you want
to be of course
diversifying into that I'm not saying
you got to put all your money out there
or start buying all Chinese stocks
that's not what I'm saying you got to
understand that the multi-polar world is
going to affect everything okay own
assets that don't have seasons they
don't have ups and Downs they don't have
this you know worry of you know what's
going to happen tomorrow some of these
assets are trite and true and are simply
just something that stays put for long
periods own tangible assets you've got
to understand what is real what is
tangible and of course that's what lasts
well beyond you as an individual that's
the stuff that gets passed down from
generation to generation and holds value
very important stuff here if you want to
know more
about this stuff you got to come onto
the Discord okay people do not get
notified let me be clear Link in the
description for the Discord just look at
this example right here comment of the
day
uh funky blue thank you very much for
your comment I pinned this on the most
recent video that I had done I just
re-subscribed I wondered what happened
to You YouTube removed your channel from
my subscriptions and then you can see
below that
same same thing okay I don't end up on
the home feed and that's going on all
the time all the time I brought this up
to YouTube more than one occasion they
said everything seems fine sir okay I
guess so I guess uh unsubscribing people
is uh normal but I want to thank you for
being here if you go into the Discord
you get the notifications every day okay
and it's only within that app so it's
not going to beep and annoy you and all
kinds of things it's just when you go
into the Discord I don't want to see you
in there so that we can collaborate
we'll form our own bricks okay you and I
and over 1100 people that are in there
right now I want to see you there when
you get in say hi and I'll say hi back
ask any question ask me anything all in
the Discord hit that link below I'll see
you there